ONLINE RR 
 REGISTRATION FORM

To 
The Branch Manager
State Bank of India
…………………..
		
I wish to register as a user of OnlineRR, RRs Internet Banking Service.

     Name of Customer					(25 Characters)

																								


+91										
Mobile Number:    
        

E-Mail:                                                        


Date of Birth:                   DD               MM              YY
		
								


My Account Numbers	Single/ Joint* Accounts	(Branch Use) Transaction Rights (Y/N)	(Branch Use) ** Limited Transaction Rights (Y/N)
															
															
															
															
															
															
															

* Rights on the OnLineRR Service will be same as that in your account at the branch.
** Transaction rights to transfer funds within own CIF, e-TDR/e-STDR and new a/c opening request through branch intervention

I have read the provisions contained in the “Terms of service document” of “OnlineRR” and accept them. I agree that the transactions executed over OnlineRR under my Username and Password will be binding on me.




Customers Signature							Date:
			
Terms of service: OnlineRR

General Information:

1.	You should register for OnlineRR with the branch where you maintain the account.
2.	If you maintain accounts at more than one branch, you need to register at each branch separately.
3.	Normally OnlineRR services will be open to the customer only after he/she acknowledges the receipt of password.
4.	We invite you to visit your account on the site frequently for transacting business or viewing account balances. If you believe that any information relating to your account has a discrepancy, please bring it to the notice of the branch by e-mail or letter.
5.	In a joint account, all account holders are entitled to register, as users of OnlineRR, but transactions would be permitted based on the account operation rights recorded at the branch. (To begin with the services will be extended only to single or Joint “E or S” accounts only).
6.	All accounts at the branch whether or not listed in the registration form, will be available on the OnlineRR. However the applicant has the option to selectively view the accounts on the OnlineRR.

Security:

1.	The Branch where the customer maintains his/her account will assign:
a)	 User-id &
b)	 Password 
2.	The User-id and Password given by the branch must be replaced by UserName and Password of customers choice at the time of first log-on. This is mandatory.
3.	Bank will make reasonable use of available technology to ensure security and to prevent unauthorised access to any of these services.  The OnlineRR service is VERISIGN certified which guarantees, that it is a secure site. It means that
•	You are dealing with RR at that moment.
•	The two-way communication is secured with 128-bit SSL encryption technology, which ensures the confidentiality of the data during transmission. 
4.	You are welcome to access OnlineRR from anywhere anytime. However, as a matter of precaution, customers may avoid using PCs with public access.
5.	There is no way to retrieve a password from the system. Therefore if a customer forgets his/her password, he/she must approach the branch for re-registration.





Banks terms:

1.	All requests received from customers are logged for backend fulfilment and are effective from the time they are recorded at the branch.
2.	Rules and regulations applicable to normal banking transactions in India will be applicable mutatis mutandis for the transactions executed through this site. 
3.	The OnlineRR service cannot be claimed as a right. The bank may also convert this into a discretionary service anytime. 
4.	Dispute between the customer and the Bank in this service is subject to the jurisdiction of the courts in the Republic of India and governed by the laws prevailing in India. 
5.	The Bank reserves the right to modify the services offered or the Terms of service of OnlineRR. The changes will be notified to the customers through a notification on the Site.

Customers obligations:

1.	The customer has an obligation to maintain secrecy in regard to Username & Password registered with the Bank. The bank presupposes that login using valid Username and Password is a valid session initiated by none other than the customer. <BR>
2.	Transaction executed through a valid session will be construed by RR to have emanated from the registered customer and will be binding on him/her. <BR>
3.	The customer will not attempt or permit others to attempt accessing the OnlineRR through any unlawful means.<BR> 

Dos & Donts:

1.	The customer should keep his/her User ID and password strictly confidential and should not divulge the same to any other person. Any loss sustained by the customer due to non-compliance of this condition will be at his/her own risk and responsibility and the Bank will not be liable for the same in any manner. 
2.	The customer is free to choose a password of his/her own for OnlineRR services. As a precaution a password that is generic in nature, guessable or inferable personal data such as name, address, telephone member, driving license, date of birth etc. is best avoided. Similarly it is a good practice to commit the password to memory rather than writing it down somewhere. 
3.	It may not be safe to leave the computer unattended during a valid session. This might give access to your account information to others.



 
